**Mandatory.** Should be implemented by all level I devices.

> Added in version 1.4.0

This is a variant of Class=0, Type=8 but here the full GUID is used instead of the nickname to identify the node that should drop its current nickname and enter the node-name discovery procedure.

As the GUID is 16 bytes this is a multi-frame event. To ease the storage requirements on the nodes only four GUID bytes are send in each frame. The frames must be sent out within one second interval. 


 | Data byte | Description | 
 | :---------: | ----------- | 
 | 0         | index.      | 
 | 1         | GUID byte.  | 
 | 2         | GUID byte.  | 
 | 3         | GUID byte.  | 
 | 4         | GUID byte.  | 

where index goes from 0-3 and GUID bytes are sent MSB first, like

 | Index = Byte 0 | Byte 1 | Byte 2 | Byte 3 | Byte 4 | 
 | -------------- | ------       | ------       | ------       | ------       | 
 | Index = 0      | GUID byte 15 | GUID byte 14 | GUID byte 13 | GUID byte 12 | 
 | Index = 1      | GUID byte 11 | GUID byte 10 | GUID byte 9  | GUID byte 8  | 
 | Index = 2      | GUID byte 7  | GUID byte 6  | GUID byte 5  | GUID byte 4  | 
 | Index = 3      | GUID byte 3  | GUID byte 2  | GUID byte 1  | GUID byte 0  | 

A device can use just one byte to detect this. This byte is initialized to zero and holds four bits that match correct frames. That is, when this register is equal to 0x0f the nickname should be dropped and the nickname discovery sequence started. The node must also have a timer that reset this byte one second after any of the above frames have been received or when the nickname discovery sequence is started.

Hi-level software must take this one second interval into account when more then one node should be initialized. This event can be used to assign nickname-IDs to silent nodes. This is nodes that does not start the nickname discovery process on startup and instead just sits and wait until they are assigned an ID with this event. 
