Should be implemented by all devices that work on 802.15.4/Ethernet/Internet and have a Level I link. This is because a Level II device can be present on a Level I bus. A typical example is a Bluetooth gateway. A user find the bus/segment by the Bluetooth device and can then discover other parts of the system through it.

A Level II node respond with [CLASS2.PROTOCOL, Type=32 Level II who is response](./class2.protocol.md#type32) to this event. It is also possible to listen for  [CLASS2.PROTOCOL, Type=20 (0x14) High end server capabilities](./class2.protocol.md#type20) to discover Level II nodes.

 | Data byte | Description | 
 | :---------: | ----------- | 
 | 0 | VSCP server low 16-bit capability code MSB | 
 | 1 | VSCP server low 16-bit capability code LSB | 
 | 2 | Server IP address MSB - or other relevant data as of server capabilities (Network byte order) | 
 | 3 | Server IP address - or other relevant data as of server capabilities (Network byte order)     | 
 | 4 | Server IP address - or other relevant data as of server capabilities (Network byte order)     | 
 | 5 | Server IP address LSB - or other relevant data as of server capabilities (Network byte order) | 
 | 6 | Server Port MSB - or other relevant data as of server capabilities | 
 | 7 | Server Port LSB - or other relevant data as of server capabilities | 

Bit codes for capabilities is the same as for the lower 16 bits of [CLASS2.PROTOCOL, Type=20 (0x14) High end server capabilities](class2.protocol.md#type20).

**For programmers:** Bits are defined in [vscp.h](https://github.com/grodansparadis/vscp/blob/master/src/vscp/common/vscp.h).

A node that need a TCP connection to a host. Broadcast HIGH END SERVER PROBE on the segment and waits for HIGH END SERVER RESPONSE from one or more servers to connect to. If a suitable server has responded it can decide to connect to that server. Note that one server can reply with **none, one or many** HIGH END SERVER RESPONSE events.

A server like the VSCP server can span multiple segments and a reply can therefore be received from a remote segment as well. This can be an advantage in some cases and unwanted in some cases. The server configuration should have control on how it is handled. 

The [VSCP daemon documentation](https://grodansparadis.gitbooks.io/the-vscp-daemon) have a description on how server/service discovery works. 
