**Mandatory.** Must be implemented by all level I devices.

Request a node to drop its nickname. The node should drop its nickname and then behave in the same manner as when it was first powered up on the segment. 

Standard form (Mandatory)

 | Data byte | Description | 
 | :---------: | ----------- |
 | 0  | The current nickname for the node. |
 | 1  | **Optional:** Flags. |
 | 2  | **Optional:** Time the node should wait before it starts a nickname discovery or starts the device. The time is in seconds. |

 Extended Form for node with 16-bit nickname. (Mandatory for nodes with 16-bit nickname)

 | Data byte | Description | 
 | :---------: | ----------- | 
 | 0  | MSB of current nickname for the node. |
 | 1  | LSB of current nickname for node |
 | 2  | Flags. | 
 | 3  | Time the node should wait before it starts a nickname discovery or starts the device. The time is in seconds. | 

Use data size to determine between 8-bit and 16-bit node-id format. A 16-bit node should handle a 8-bit nickname as a 16-bit node id with MSB = 0. It should handle also the 8-bit node-id version of the event.

**Optional byte 1 flags**

 | Bit | Description | 
 | :---: | ----------- | 
 | 0   | Reserved. | 
 | 1   | Reserved. | 
 | 2   | Reserved. | 
 | 3   | Reserved. | 
 | 4   | Reserved. | 
 | 5   | Reset device. Keep nickname. | 
 | 6   | Set persistent storage to default.| 
 | 7   | Go idle. Do not start up again. | 

So if byte 1 and 2 is not in event restart device, set default parameters and do a nickname discovery. If byte 1 and 2 are present and bit 5 is set load defaults into device, restart but keep nickname. In all cases byte 2 delays before the node is restarted.

 1.  With just one byte as an argument. The node should do a standard node discovery in the same way as if the status button of the node is pressed. Preserve initiated data,
 2.  If byte 1 is present bit 5: Just restart. Don't change any data. not even nickname. bit 6: Restart write default to persistent storage. bit 7: die die my darling. If both bit 5 and 6 is set, do 5 and then 6 == 6 or do 6 and then 5 == 6
 3.  Byte 1 + byte 2 Wait this amount of seconds after the above operation has been carried out.

There is a variant of this where the GUID is used instead of the nickname to identify the device, [CLASS1.PROTOCOL, Type=23 (GUID drop nickname-ID / reset device.)](./class1.protocol.md#type23).

