Measurements are fetched from the [SI units and from SI derived units](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_System_of_Units). The SI unit (or the SI derived unit) is also used as the default unit. As in the SI unit standard, names for a unit is in lower case ("newton") and the unit ("N") is in upper case.

**Byte 0** is the data coding byte for all measurement packages. The default unit has bits 0,1,2 set to 000 and the first optional unit 001 and so on. It also have a field for the item ( if more than one sensor is controlled by the node) that the value belongs to. See [data-coding](./vscp_data_coding.md) for a full description on data coding used.

All events in this class are mirrored in [CLASS1.MEASUREMENT32=70 (0x46)](./class1.measurement32.md_) as a single precision float. Default unit is used.

All events in this class are mirrored in [CLASS1.MEASUREMENT64=60 (0x3C)](./class1.measurement64.md) as floating point values using only the default unit .

All events in this class are mirrored in [CLASS1.MEASUREZONE=65 (0x41)](./class1.measurezone.md) as normalized integer values with index, zone, sub-zone. Default unit is used.

All events in this class are mirrored in [CLASS1.SETVALUEZONE=85 (0x55)](./class1.setvaluezone.md) as a normalized value using only the default unit but with index/zone/subzone.

All of the above is also available as [LEVEL I events over Level II](./class2.protocol1.md).

All events in this class are mirrored in 
[CLASS2.MEASUREMENT_STR=1040 (0x410)](./class2.measurement_str.md) which use decimal string values.

All events in this class are mirrored in 
[CLASS2.MEASUREMENT_FLOAT=1060 (0x424)](./class2.measurement_float.md) which use decimal float values.

